Reflection

I enjoyed the format of this class. Learning wise I think this was absolutely
optimal. The exercises were extremely helpful and the weekly documentation that we had to
read/watch was very helpful for someone who has barely done coding prior
to this class. The fact that I was able to come back anytime was pretty helpful too.
Four hours classes can be really difficult to swallow in the sense 
that it can be very heavy if it's mostly factual information. However
encouraging us to prepare ourselves berfore the class and encouraging us to ask
question is definitely the best approach for me. I tend to be tired or zone out
after 40 minutes (then I need a 15-20 minutes break). That's just how my lazy brain works.


At first it was very difficult to understand the fundamentals and getting started..
When there is something that does not work I have a very hard time to stop trying. 
I think it's important to work often but not necessarily for long and extended period of time.
This is actually how I tackle everything I learn. I focus for a while on an activity/subject
until I can fully get immersed into it. However, it can be very difficult



I feel like the pace was really good. It was well structured and the basics of JavaScript were really well explained
and I'm grateful for it.. Every thing was atomised
in linear clear bits of information (I need to be spoonfed, especially in a context where I have other classes to manage
I cannot risk wasting time on theoretical misunderstandings).


P.S. 
I did not participate or showed up to class and feel bad about it. I would have liked to connect and
see what the others create.  I genuinely respect and like you (Lee) as a teacher.
I love your enthusiasm, your authenticity and your desire to help us improve. That was inspiring.

Stephen you were great. Your explainations and commentaries on the assignments were
on point and they did help. I especially liked  that you're pointing at both
the negative and the positive. I feel like critic can often be mostly negative and looking
at what does not work instead of also what's working (even though I admit this is less apparent 
in art programs than programs more oriented in purely factual learning were there is only right or wrong.)



I feel like your presence are both encouraging and reassuring. It's great life is overwhelming sometimes.











